Add mypy section (#6723)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/guidelines/style.md

## [Mypy][mypy-github]

A comment-based type checker allowing a mix of dynamic and static typing. This is optional for now. In order to enable `mypy` for a specific integration, open its `tox.ini` file and add the 2 lines in the correct section:

```
[testenv]
dd_check_types = true
dd_mypy_args = <FLAGS> datadog_checks/ tests/
...
```

> The `dd_mypy_args` can be used to add or overwrite some flags to mypy for this specific integration. Here are some useful arguments you can add:

Reviewer: We should probably link to the mypy docs here for reference, eg:

```suggestion
The `dd_mypy_args` defines the [mypy command line options][mypy-command-line] for this specific integration. Here are some useful arguments you can add:
```

With `[mypy-command-line]: https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/command_line.html`

> The `dd_mypy_args` can be used to add or overwrite some flags to mypy for this specific integration. Here are some useful arguments you can add:

Reviewer: Another useful flag is [`--check-untyped-defs`](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/command_line.html#cmdoption-mypy-check-untyped-defs), which allows mypy to check the inside of functions even if signatures are not annotated (thus treating any unannotated argument as any).

(I've been thinking we might want to switch to this mode by default, but we owe us a type hints retro at some point so that's the kind of thing we'll discuss there. Still, interesting flag to mention IMO.)

> - `--py2`: If the integration needs to be Python2.7 compatible.

Reviewer: I'd reword this slightly because the `--py2` is really a *must* for integrations that need to support Python 2 (i.e. most integrations currently).

Maybe we can show it in the code block instead?

```ini
[testenv]
dd_check_types = true
dd_mypy_args = <FLAGS> --py2 datadog_checks/ tests/
...
```

- `--disallow-untyped-defs`: Disallows defining functions without type annotations or with incomplete type annotations.

> Note that there is a default configuration in the `mypy.ini` file:
> 
> - `follow_import = normal`: Follows all imports normally and type checks all top level code (as well as the bodies of all functions and methods with at least one type annotation in the signature).
> - `ignore_missing_import = true`: Ignore errors about imported packages that don't provide type hints.
> - `disallow_untyped_defs = false`: Allows defining functions without type annotations or with incomplete type annotations. Prevent noise from imported module.
> - `show_column_numbers = true`: Shows column numbers in error messages.

Reviewer: We should probably link to the file in the repo — anything listed here will almost certainly become stale at some point.

```suggestion
Note that there is a default configuration in the [`mypy.ini`][mypy-ini] file.
```

(Need to update the references file to add `[mypy-ini]`)
